We're at the intersection by the railroad.
It's a huge accident.
You have to hurry.
What's going on?
May I borrow your phone?
(Episode 19)
Hello?
It's me. I got into a small accident.
I'll take care of this and go home.
An accident?
Soo Ho.
Hello? Soo Ho?
He got into an accident?
Nothing was wrong with it until I got to the hotel.
Someone did something to my car on purpose.
When was the last tune up?
Please check the security cameras...
in the hotel parking lot and the vicinity.
Also, check if it was...
done by Chairman Park.
Okay. I'll look into it.
I could've gotten hurt or killed.
Sure. Don't worry.
You can go home. I'll contact you.
Excuse me.
I almost got killed in this accident.
Please do a thorough investigation.
Don't answer just for the sake of it.
What happened?
Hae Ra.
Soo Ho.
What happened?
I'm sorry. There was a problem with the car.
I had to rent a car and then get the groceries.
I'm sorry for making you wait.
You said it was a small accident.
Well...
It was nothing.
What about your phone?
You called with someone else's.
I dropped it.
The screen got smashed, so I had to fix it.
You must be hungry.
I had them prepare everything.
So you can just boil it in a pot.
You can wash your hands and rest.
I'll have dinner ready.
Okay.
It's done.
Soo Ho, let's eat.
You must be starving.
Hurry up.
Soo Ho.
You should eat before you go to bed.
Are you pretending to be asleep?
Soo Ho.
Why is he burning up?
Is he sick?
Seung Goo.
Let's go to the market for some supplies.
I want to decorate this with fancy beads.
Unbelievable.
Take a look at this.
This is the top trending video right now.
A car rolled over...
at an intersection by the railroad.
But he didn't get hurt at all.
This is unbelievable.
Was it because he was so flexible?
It's a real mystery.
Doesn't he...
look like Moon Soo Ho?
Wait. Now that you mention it...
Do you remember him?
If it's the intersection by the railroad,
that's near their honeymoon place.
How do you know that?
How did he not get hurt at all?
He's someone else's husband.
Don't even think about him.
Don't think about running away.
He was weird too then.
He was fine after one day...
No way.
Have you become immortal?
Soo Ho.
Don't be sick.
We promised to live happily ever after.
You should be enjoying your honeymoon.
Why are you calling me?
You two didn't fight, did you?
No.
A doctor came and just left.
His vitals are normal.
There's nothing wrong with him.
He bragged about how fit he's gotten lately.
But he's been sleeping all day,
so I'm worried.
The wedding must've made him really nervous.
Things were fine when you were driving there, right?
He went out alone and got into a small accident.
But he came back fine.
Nothing else happened other than that.
Just let him sleep a little longer.
Don't worry too much.
Yes. Call me when he wakes up.
I thought...
we weren't going to see each other anymore.
I came to give you interesting news.
Whatever it is,
I don't want to hear it.
I think Moon Soo Ho...
has become like us.
I called the local police.
The car was totaled.
But he wasn't hurt at all.
That's because Soo Ho...
is lucky.
Soo Ho will not grow old nor die.
He probably got a special power too.
Soo Ho has done nothing wrong to become like us.
There must be a reason.
Everything will be so hard and unfamiliar at first.
You should console him.
Why are you making clothes all of a sudden?
Reduce the waistline a little more.
I guess you have good news.
Just because.
I suddenly want to wear pretty clothes.
Wait.
- What? - Hold on.
Gosh, that stings.
I got your Grey hair.
Grey hair?
I have Grey hair?
Let's see.
You've got a lot on the inner side.
Gosh, Sharon.
You look young,
but you can't avoid the passing of time.
I just realized...
your eyes are drooping a little.
You should get facial massages.
No way.
Why are you here again?
Baek Hee.
I think I'm getting old now.
I've got Grey hair and wrinkles around my eyes.
I have so much Grey hair.
What's happening to me?
- That's good to hear. - Tell me what's going on.
Myung So and Boon Yi...
Soo Ho and Hae Ra got married.
I guess your punishment ended too.
Why do I feel bad?
From now on,
if you try to split the two,
you'll get old quickly in a moment.
You'll become an old woman.
And...
you'll end up living with that appearance.
But he's become immortal...
who never gets old.
That's not possible.
What's wrong?
What do you mean?
It's because I'm getting old.
Try to...
feel and enjoy the passing time too.
I don't want to.
Gather up, guys.
- Gather up. - What's the matter?
Gather up first.
Did you watch the hot issue video?
It's been the talk of the town since yesterday.
You gathered us because of that?
- Of course we watched it. - So you did.
I watched the original version of it just now.
It's Mr. Moon.
- What? - Are you serious?
That's Mr. Moon?
Oh, my goodness.
Is Ms. Jung all right?
Why did she have to get married...
when the company's so busy in the first place?
Excuse me, sir.
That's out of line.
You should think before saying something.
I'm just worried. That's all.
Try calling her.
You're dismissed.
Gosh, it's so tiring.
What's going on?
I was also surprised when I watched the video...
that Ju Hee sent me.
I really...
I'll call you again.
Are you awake?
What's this?
Are you okay?
I'm not sick, so why am I getting an IV?
How long was I asleep for?
About 18 hours and a half.
Really?
Why didn't you tell me?
About what?
I heard the accident was big.
The video was uploaded, so everyone knows about it.
I should've taken away the phone and deleted it.
Why did you make me hear it from others?
I didn't want you to worry.
I'm fine.
Let's eat breakfast and go to Seoul already.
Get yourself checked up from head to toe, okay?
I said I'm okay. What's wrong with you?
You shouldn't have hidden it from me.
You came back, collapsed,
and didn't even wake up.
I was so worried that I called in a doctor.
Why did you have to do that?
I'm sorry.
Don't be angry.
Forget it.
I'm sorry. I won't do that again.
Let's go after you eat your meal.
Let's leave the rent car and go to Seoul by bus.
- Who are you? - We're the police.
Hello.
We searched through nearby CCTVs...
and found the suspect.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Detective, I don't look like I'd commit a crime.
Him and I being bald is the only similarity.
That's not me.
It's you for certain.
You are definitely him.
He's the car owner.
Did you watch the video by any chance?
Did Park Chul Min order you to do it?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm telling you. It's not me.
Look.
You keep denying...
that the man in this photo isn't you.
You don't even have an alibi for that time.
I was watching TV at home.
I only stayed at home since yesterday.
Are you sure it's not you?
I'm certain of it.
It's obvious.
I think it's you.
Well, you need to wear glasses...
What happened?
What did he do just now?
Where did you learn such silly stuff?
You can't put up a show here.
Come here.
Goodness.
Close the windows,
and stop winds from blowing in.
Goodness.
The windows?
They're not open.
Do a background check on him again.
He must be related to a theft case.
I think...
it's possible to develop this area...
within two years.
Give up on the persimmon tree town.
Stay abroad for a few years.
Why would I give up on this valuable town?
For the time being,
it'll be good for you to stay low.
Mr. Chairman.
Things aren't good.
What's wrong?
The police...
What?
We're the police.
What brings you here?
We're arresting you...
for attempted murder against Moon Soo Ho.
You have the right to an attorney.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Dad.
Call my attorney.
I'll be released within 48 hours.
Don't make a fuss out of this.
Let's go.
As you can see, the man in the video...
is Mr. Moon Soo Ho.
The suspect was abetted by Chairman Park Chul Min...
who was against the revival business...
and broke the brakes of Mr. Moon's car on purpose.
He confessed to his crime about an hour ago.
Why hasn't Mr. Han called me yet?
Are you tired?
A little.
Get some sleep.
The West Seoul Prosecutors' Office...
was investigating on Chairman Park...
and his charges of the fire case...
which led to Mr. Moon's father's death...
and the death of Jung Gil Young,
the father of Mr. Moon's wife.
He's also charged...
with embezzlement and tax evasion.
If we preserve our town with the least we have...
We're strongly against the redevelopment...
led by this shameless and despicable businessman.
We desperately ask the residents...
to reconsider about the issue.
Thank you.
Great job, Mr. Han.
Can you prepare everything to meet their investors?
I'll call you when I get back. Okay.
Everything is going well. Don't worry about it.
How are you feeling?
Your husband is in a great condition.
But you have to go get a checkup.
- I promise. - It's a promise.
Do you have water?
I have to take medicine, but I don't have any.
You don't? Didn't you take it?
I forgot. What do I do?
Are you okay?
Do you think we'll be in Seoul soon?
Excuse me, if it's okay, you can take this.
- Really? - Is that okay?
- Thank you. - Thank you.
No problem.
Do you speak Japanese too?
I guess so.
How many languages do you speak?
I'm sorry your honeymoon was ruined.
We can always take another trip.
I'm so thankful that he didn't get hurt.
We went to see a doctor, and he said he's fine.
I'm relieved.
I think the accident made him sleep so much.
I think his body is trying to recover by sleeping.
Did you experience...
anything weird when you were with him?
Like what?
Like tables suddenly shaking...
or glasses breaking.
I did.
Ms. Jang, you're here.
Hey, did you sleep well?
I'm sorry. I must've fallen asleep.
Was I knocked out for 10 hours again?
No, just an hour.
It looks like Soo Ho needs some energy.
Should we eat something hearty?
Okay.
I'll get something.
Your meat is ready.
Thanks.
Do you need anything else?
No.
I must have a reason...
when I sent a newlywed bride out alone at night.
Do it before Hae Ra comes back.
Hae Ra...
will get mad if I get hurt.
Come on. Give it a try.
Like this.
Why do I have to do this?
I have a feeling...
that something has changed about you.
I want to make sure.
All guys that are strong enough can do this.
But...
it's hard to do so without a scratch.
Turn off the lights in the kitchen.
No.
With your mind.
- Ms. Jang. - I'm not joking around.
Do it.
Close your eyes or keep them open.
Stay focused and turn the lights off.
I don't believe in these things.
And I don't want to.
Will you just give it a try?
Something odd did happen.
I understood Japanese, which I never learned.
And I spoke some too.
The same thing happened to me before.
I can't do this.
Some people suddenly develop...
great mental power after a huge accident.
I'm sure that's the case.
Try to turn off the lights.
I don't want to, Ms. Jang.
What's on your mind?
I'm sorry. It's hard to be with you today.
Hae Ra will be home soon.
Goodness.
I'm sorry.
I accidentally broke a glass.
It's okay. Leave it. I'll clean it up.
I'm so sorry, but I'm not feeling well.
I have to go.
What are your symptoms?
I'll get you some medicine.
No. I think I should call it a day.
Where's Soo Ho?
He seemed busy with work.
He shouldn't treat our officiant like this.
Soo Ho! What are you doing?
Goodness.
What's with these lights?
Something must be broken.
Soo Ho.
Did you just see that?
Where can I call to get some help?
I did that, Hae Ra.
Ms. Jang.
What do I have to do now?
[VIU Ver] E19 Black Knight "Lift Your Curse"
-= Ruo Xi =-
This is odd.
You suddenly got a lot of them.
It's something I always wished for.
But I'm not happy at all.
Be quiet. I have to stay focused.
I went through the same thing before.
One day,
I suddenly became very strong.
After I used my power, I'd get very sleepy.
I could control the lamps as I wished.
Back then,
I had no idea...
that I became someone who doesn't...
grow old or die.
What do you mean by that?
Are you saying Soo Ho is like that now?
I really hope I'm worried for nothing.
Why would that happen to me?
I didn't do anything wrong.
This makes no sense.
Please don't say that.
We'll be able to tell...
if I grow old or not after 10 or 20 years.
We can't tell...
in a month or two.
I don't want to spend...
10 years stressing over it.
I shouldn't have brought it up...
to such beautiful newlyweds.
Should we go traveling when it gets warmer?
How about checking out the southern provinces?
Like Yeosu, Mokpo, and Gwangju.
Okay.
Let's go there, enjoy great food,
and have fun.
Soo Ho.
Yes?
Make me float in the air.
Come on. Do something and make me levitate.
I'm not in the mood for making jokes.
That means you can't do it.
No, I can't.
Then I'm relieved.
Even if you can, that's okay.
It's no problem.
Only you and I will know.
Even if something undesirable happens,
there will be a way to solve it.
Because I've always been lucky.
Of course.
Don't worry. I'm here.
Hold me.
Chairman Park's investors withdrew...
from participating in the consortium.
The banks have canceled the loans.
Geumseong-dong redevelopment business...
fell through completely.
People don't have good opinions of Chairman Park.
Your car accident was a huge shock.
Everyone is furious because they found out...
that he terrorized you at the hearing.
Even if the warrant isn't issued in 48 hours,
he'll be arrested for something else.
What did I tell you?
Don't be scared of something like this...
when you do business.
Redeveloping the persimmon tree town...
is over.
You should let it go.
You're so timid.
You never know what's going to happen.
The weather's nice.
Let's go have some hangover soup.
Over here, Hae Ra.
Aren't you busy?
I am, but I still wanted to see you.
How is your husband?
Is he all right?
Would you be happy if he wasn't?
Don't say it like that.
Gon feels terrible too.
That's why he couldn't come here.
He feels really bad.
He was released because...
a warrant for an attempted murder wasn't issued.
He'll get arrested soon.
So brace yourself.
Hae Ra. Let's not talk about that today.
We're having lunch as friends after the wedding.
Thanks for coming to my wedding.
I was jealous because you looked so happy.
Long time no see.
She called me today.
I told her I was having lunch with you,
and she said she'd come.
I wanted to give you your wedding gift.
Congratulations.
I was upset...
because you didn't invite me.
What are you trying to do this time?
Hae Ra, you've changed a lot.
I heard Moon Soo Ho became a monster.
A ghost of the netherworld shouldn't be saying that.
I'm back to normal.
He will stay young and lonely forever.
He'll watch you grow old and die.
Excuse me.
We aren't interested in what you say anymore.
Grow old gracefully, please.
Hae Ra.
Hae Ra!
I guess...
something happened between you two.
I didn't know you had so much Grey hair.
I didn't notice it before.
Hae Ra!
Hello.
Hi. It's been so long.
This...
is from here, right?
This was...
very difficult to make.
Someone must've given it to you as a gift.
It doesn't look like an ordinary silver knife.
She brought an old ring, and asked me...
to melt it to make a new blade.
Did the ring look like this?
Yes.
This is a copy...
I made here for her.
Seo Rin told me a long time ago...
that Boon Yi...
wished upon the full moon and the ring.
When you two were in exile,
perhaps the prayer in the ring...
went into the knife too.
Her wish wasn't mentioned...
in Jeom Bok's painting or letter of prayer.
No, it wasn't.
Since she made that wish when we were exiled,
it must be about returning home safely...
or not being parted even after returning home.
You're probably right.
She must've prayed for you two to not be separated.
What is it?
Hurry up and say it.
I...
can't go to the office in Rome.
Why not?
Did Mr. Moon tell you not to go?
That's not it. He actually encouraged me to go.
I made this decision on my own.
You really wanted to go to the office abroad.
What's the real reason?
I want to be with my husband more.
I'll try again next time.
- Does that make sense? - They're newlyweds.
I dyed my hair yesterday. Why is it like this?
People are taking pictures outside.
They don't look like tourists.
I think they're reporters.
Taking pictures?
Yes.
Hello, Seo Rin.
I've suffered a lot in the lockup.
But now I'm released.
What brings you here?
How can I do that?
You have a lot of properties...
and buildings in that town.
I know you can be influential.
Everything went in vain because of you.
You became a shameless and despicable swindler.
You ordered me...
to kill Moon Soo Ho.
When did I?
You instigated me saying,
"I want you to be richer."
You told me to get rid of everything in my way.
I never said that.
I brought four cameramen with me.
They're waiting outside.
If you don't help me,
I'll reveal everything.
I'll tell them that Choi Seo Rin is immortal...
and that she's behind this accident.
Please sign the redevelopment agreement.
Do that for me, Seo Rin.
If you can't do it,
teach me your secret...
to stay immortal.
I have a lot to do,
but sometimes,
I feel too weak and unhealthy.
I'll count on you.
Soo Ho.
I told the company...
that I wouldn't work in the office in Rome.
Why?
I don't want to stay apart from you.
I thought you'd be happy to hear it.
Why did you make such a decision alone?
I'm your husband.
If it's important to you, it's important to me too.
Why did you decide it on your own?
And why are you announcing it to me now?
Announcing? How could you say that?
I didn't give up on it because I wanted to.
What changed your mind?
I was worried.
About what?
How can I not be worried...
after seeing such a thing yesterday?
I'm still the same.
And nothing happened today.
All right.
I did it because I wanted to stay with you.
Are you satisfied now?
I'm sorry that I made you worry.
It's okay.
I was too childish to think that you'd like it.
I expected you'd be happy to hear...
that I wouldn't go. That's why I got upset.
Of course I'm happy.
But I'm sorry at the same time.
Something unpleasant happened to me today.
I met Young Mi for lunch.
And Sharon showed up,
saying she prepared a wedding gift for me.
I heard Moon Soo Ho became a monster.
He will stay young and lonely forever.
He'll watch you grow old and die.
She said that in front of Young Mi?
Yes.
I don't think Baek Hee told her about it.
She must've done it after watching the video.
Forget it.
If she appears again, I'll report her to the police.
Hae Ra, I'll step outside for a bit.
What?
I warned you.
I have no regrets about you anymore.
I wanted to see how you've become a monster.
If you show up in front of Hae Ra again,
I won't let it slide.
The prayer carried in the ring made you like that.
I heard you outside the door at that time.
Shut it. I didn't come here to hear you talk.
Boon Yi's prayer...
If you show up before Hae Ra one more time,
I'll expose your secret to everyone.
You better think through.
It's simple to lift the curse.
If you break up with Hae Ra...
If you cut ties, you can escape from that curse.
No matter what happens,
I will never break up with her.
I'll stay with her until the end.
You don't know how painful it is to live forever.
What have you done?
I hope you get old slowly like that.
Let's not see each other again.
Soo Ho?
Why aren't you sleeping?
Where did you go?
Did something happen?
Choi Seo Rin won't show up again.
What?
It wasn't like this for Baek Hee.
This isn't right.
I prayed...
they would not ask you to drink poison.
This is a ring with your dearest wish.
It should be touching my body.
Do not die.
I will not die.
Never.
Not ever.
Hae Ra.
Hello, Ms. Jang.
I...
just had a weird dream.
And it was so odd.
I think...
I just saw the same thing.
May I come over right now?
Hae Ra.
(I'm going over to Ms. Jang's.)
Come in.
Did you also see...
what I saw in my dream?
Was he not killed...
because that ring had Boon Yi's wish?
So will he have to live forever now?
No.
This is...
not your fault.
He will come back to his place...
only after all ties are cut off with you.
If you are with him,
he'll have to live on just like us.
Get out of here!
Why do you have that?
Give it back to me.
What's wrong with your hand?
Fix this.
Your hand isn't like this.
Why's mine like this?
You're getting punished and returning to your age.
It's all because of you.
Stop it already.
It's time to stop.
Put an end to this.
Why is no one on my side?
Why?
You really have...
become a monster.
You should have left me to live as a beggar's kid.
Fine.
Just kill me.
Kill me...
and vent your spite.
Ms. Jang.
I will kill you.
Are you crazy?
Are you okay?
Ms. Jang is...
- Ms. Jang. - Ms. Jang.
Ms. Jang.
Everything...
is over.
Soo Ho.
Yes, Ms. Jang.
I want...
you two...
to be happy forever.
No matter what happens.
Ms. Jang.
Ms. Jang...
(The last episode will be aired tomorrow.)